[(orcl)oracle@oracle19c ~]$ ./dbsat

Database Security Assessment Tool version 2.2 (September 2019)

    Usage: dbsat collect [ -n ] <database_connect_string> <output_file>
           dbsat report [ -a ] [ -n ] [ -g ] [ -x <section> ] <input_file>
	   dbsat discover [ -n ] -c <config_file> <output_file>

    Options:
       -a  Report about all user accounts, including locked, 
           Oracle-supplied users
       -n  No encryption for output
       -g  Show all grants including Common Grants in a Pluggable Database
       -x  Specify sections to exclude from report (may be repeated for
           multiple sections)
       -c  Configuration file for discoverer	



[(orcl)oracle@oracle19c ~]$ ./dbsat collect -n "/ as sysdba" orcl

Database Security Assessment Tool version 2.2 (September 2019)

This tool is intended to assist you in securing your Oracle database
system. You are solely responsible for your system and the effect and
results of the execution of this tool (including, without limitation,
any damage or data loss). Further, the output generated by this tool may
include potentially sensitive system configuration data and information
that could be used by a skilled attacker to penetrate your system. You
are solely responsible for ensuring that the output of this tool,
including any generated reports, is handled in accordance with your
company's policies.

Connecting to the target Oracle database...


SQL*Plus: Release 19.0.0.0.0 - Production on Sat Nov 30 22:24:57 2019
Version 19.5.0.0.0

Copyright (c) 1982, 2019, Oracle.  All rights reserved.


Connected to:
Oracle Database 19c Enterprise Edition Release 19.0.0.0.0 - Production
Version 19.5.0.0.0

Setup complete.
SQL queries complete.
OS commands complete.
Disconnected from Oracle Database 19c Enterprise Edition Release 19.0.0.0.0 - Production
Version 19.5.0.0.0
DBSAT Collector completed successfully.

[(orcl)oracle@oracle19c ~]$ ./dbsat report -n orcl

Database Security Assessment Tool version 2.2 (September 2019)

This tool is intended to assist you in securing your Oracle database
system. You are solely responsible for your system and the effect and
results of the execution of this tool (including, without limitation,
any damage or data loss). Further, the output generated by this tool may
include potentially sensitive system configuration data and information
that could be used by a skilled attacker to penetrate your system. You
are solely responsible for ensuring that the output of this tool,
including any generated reports, is handled in accordance with your
company's policies.

DBSAT Reporter ran successfully.






[(orcl)oracle@oracle19c ~]$ ./dbsat collect -n "donghua/MYPASSWORD@orclpdb" orclpdb

Database Security Assessment Tool version 2.2 (September 2019)

This tool is intended to assist you in securing your Oracle database
system. You are solely responsible for your system and the effect and
results of the execution of this tool (including, without limitation,
any damage or data loss). Further, the output generated by this tool may
include potentially sensitive system configuration data and information
that could be used by a skilled attacker to penetrate your system. You
are solely responsible for ensuring that the output of this tool,
including any generated reports, is handled in accordance with your
company's policies.

Connecting to the target Oracle database...


SQL*Plus: Release 19.0.0.0.0 - Production on Sat Nov 30 22:28:45 2019
Version 19.5.0.0.0

Copyright (c) 1982, 2019, Oracle.  All rights reserved.

Last Successful login time: Sat Nov 30 2019 21:22:44 +08:00

Connected to:
Oracle Database 19c Enterprise Edition Release 19.0.0.0.0 - Production
Version 19.5.0.0.0

Setup complete.
SQL queries complete.
OS commands complete.
Disconnected from Oracle Database 19c Enterprise Edition Release 19.0.0.0.0 - Production
Version 19.5.0.0.0
DBSAT Collector completed successfully.

[(orcl)oracle@oracle19c ~]$ ./dbsat report -n orclpdb

Database Security Assessment Tool version 2.2 (September 2019)

This tool is intended to assist you in securing your Oracle database
system. You are solely responsible for your system and the effect and
results of the execution of this tool (including, without limitation,
any damage or data loss). Further, the output generated by this tool may
include potentially sensitive system configuration data and information
that could be used by a skilled attacker to penetrate your system. You
are solely responsible for ensuring that the output of this tool,
including any generated reports, is handled in accordance with your
company's policies.

DBSAT Reporter ran successfully.

[(orcl)oracle@oracle19c ~]$ 